#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.0.0
    # via tensorboard
accelerate==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==21.4.0
    # via aiohttp
blis==0.7.7
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
cachetools==5.0.0
    # via google-auth
catalogue==2.0.7
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   typer
cymem==2.0.6
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
datasets==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dill==0.3.4
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
filelock==3.6.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2022.3.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   pytorch-lightning
future==0.18.2
    # via pytorch-lightning
google-auth==2.6.3
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
grpcio==1.44.0
    # via tensorboard
huggingface-hub==0.5.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   transformers
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==4.11.3
    # via markdown
jinja2==3.1.1
    # via spacy
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   scikit-learn
langcodes==3.3.0
    # via spacy
markdown==3.3.6
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via jinja2
multidict==6.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.12.2
    # via datasets
murmurhash==1.0.6
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
nltk==3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.18.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   blis
    #   datasets
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   spacy
    #   tensorboard
    #   thinc
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   spacy
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pandas==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
pathy==0.6.1
    # via spacy
preshed==3.0.6
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
protobuf==3.20.0
    # via tensorboard
pyarrow==7.0.0
    # via datasets
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pydantic==1.8.2
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
pydeprecate==0.3.1
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
pyparsing==3.0.8
    # via packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via pandas
pytorch-lightning==1.5.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2022.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
regex==2022.3.15
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   spacy
    #   tensorboard
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
responses==0.18.0
    # via datasets
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
sacremoses==0.0.49
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.4.1
    # via scikit-learn
sentencepiece==0.1.96
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   google-auth
    #   grpcio
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sacremoses
smart-open==5.2.1
    # via pathy
spacy==3.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
spacy-legacy==3.0.9
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.2
    # via spacy
srsly==2.4.2
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
tensorboard==2.8.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
thinc==8.0.15
    # via spacy
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.11.6
    # via transformers
torch==1.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
torchmetrics==0.7.3
    # via pytorch-lightning
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   sacremoses
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
transformers==4.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typer==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via
    #   requests
    #   responses
wasabi==0.9.1
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-loggers
    #   thinc
werkzeug==2.1.1
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via tensorboard
xxhash==3.0.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.7.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.8.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
